guide: (better) SSH remotes (#4384)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/user-guide/data-management/remote-storage/ssh.md

Note that your server's SFTP root might differ from its physical root (`/`).

[`ssh`]: https://www.ssh.com/academy/ssh/command

</admon>

By default, authentication credentials (user name, password or private key,
etc.) not found in the URL are loaded from [SSH configuration]. You can also set
them directly with DVC.

[ssh configuration]: https://www.ssh.com/academy/ssh/config

## Custom authentication

2 parameters that are commonly included in an SSH URL are user name and
sometimes port. These can be set (or overridden) as follows:

```cli
$ dvc remote modify myremote user myuser
$ dvc remote modify myremote port 2222
```

Order in which DVC picks these values when defined in multiple places:

1. Value set in these `user`/`port` params (DVC-specific config)
2. User/port embedded in the `url`, if any (e.g. `ssh://user@example.com:2222`)
3. `User`/`Port` defined for the host in SSH config
4. Default values: Current system user; Standard SSH port 22

<admon type="warn">

The `dvc remote modify --local` flag is needed to write sensitive user info to a
Git-ignored config file (`.dvc/config.local`) so that no secrets are leaked

> through Git. See `dvc config`.

Author: > See `dvc config`.

Should replace for config guide when #4379 is merged (here and in other guides where it's already mentioned).

</admon>

> Using a private key is usually the recommended way to auth an SSH connection,
> and it should be saved in a key file. You can set it's path as shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using a private key is usually the recommended way to authenticate an SSH connection,
and it should be saved in a key file. You can set its path as shown below.
```
